So in order, manipulation is very easy.
We are going to move the response to all tabs here.
So all tabs push.
And we are going to push the response.
Let's make it as late.
And after that, we can use all types equals to response.
So now we have.
So here all the tabs will be added.
So we are going to run a for loop now.
So we are going to run a for loop from the response on the spawn start for each.
And we need the index of time as well.
So we we will have to create an element for each tab, Right?
So we will create an element of a list.
Swords textually without of the title and.
Then we will this will make that app active whenever we click it.
So now again, we are using Chrome Tabs API and we are using the update method of that API to make that
TAB active.
So if TAB is active, then we will add the class active to it.
So.
So we need the index as well.
So index plus one.
And here we have the active class now after the fourth loop.
What we're going to do is we have to append those tabs.
Sorta sorta pentile type element.
So now we have appended the list.
Now let's update.
We have the error that is properties of NULL.
So it is not able to find this OECD tabs.
So now what we are going to do is start.
So instead of that, I will get the tabs here.
Let's see.
Okay, so we are still getting the signal.
So now let's change one thing.
Let's go to the manifest and let's change the dates.
So we cannot this here as well.
Rogers.
Okay.
So it is hard working because this content will return when the document will start, but we don't want
to do that.
So as you have implemented here.
So we only want to read Rent when the dome is loaded, right?
Not when it starts.
So now when I read updated, it should work.
No, we don't have any other.
And we have extensions.
So we have our extension ID as well as we have the name of those stubs.
And you can see that whenever I click it, it will make that tab active.
So now that side styling with the help of CSS.
So first of all, let's since I'm using let's remove the index because we are already using ordered
lists.
So that's updated.
And now you can see that it has removed the index, which is looking a lot better.
So.
Yeah, I've added some CSS now so that this can look a little better.
So now when I updated, you can see those changes here.
I have just updated the cases.
So let's remove any tab, Right.
So we have to remove those tabs as well.
So I will add the functionality for that that whenever the user will double click on it, it will remove
that tab.
I won't be focusing on the UK mostly, but I will focus on the facility.
But you can, you know, change the user interface as you see fit.
You can add badges as well here or buttons here or crosses to remove the active tabs, but here I'll
simply do it with a double click.
Because we are not focusing on the user interface, we are focusing on the functionality.
So the single click is making the tab active and double click will remove the tab or we can't do it
alternatively so.
So when you click on an inactive tab, then it will make it active.
But if you click on an active tab, it will make it inactive.
Let's make it that.
So I tried the functionality for double click.
So tab element dot event listener.
So here it will be double click.
Sort of looks like we'll be there.
We will be having the function and in that we are going to remove the tab, the active tab.
And our tabs start to move tablet ID.
But we don't want to close the window here.
But if you want, you can close it.
So that means that for everywhere clicking here, that is closing this window.
So let's click on Update.
Now let's remove this tab.
Double click here.
Sort of click.
Okay, It is not working.
So let's troubleshoot.
Let's do this.
Save this.
And.
And now you can see that friend double clicked on this one.
So it is moving the tab.
So let me check again.
Let me open that up again.
And here I will double click on Wikipedia
and.
So double click on this one and you can see that Wikipedia is critically removed.
So you can make this user interface a bit more simple.
So when you click on the active tab or the active badge or the button, so you can use whatever user
interface you want.
So before closing this project, let's do something more.
Let's create an element as well.
Let's create a paragraph element.
So not an index will be like this.
And we are going to add one more thing here.
That is.
So let's create a close element.
Let's hit a button.
So when you click on the P, so instead of tab element, the user click on the P element.
I'm going to add the P element here.
So when the user will click on the P element.
Then only there was a really big star back there.
So that means that when you click on the P tag, it will be the that objective.
So instead of this one.
So I will implement the pointer cursor in the tag.
So here I will add a button.
So the event will be on the button to remove.
So.
We are going to first append in our text as well.
So butter not value is equal to, let's say, close.
So now let's reload this as we consider changes here.
And we can see that we are getting a button here.
You can see that when you click on this tag, it will be that active that will bring Wikipedia again.
And when I click on that sentence, you can see that we are going to extensions.
And when I click on the button, it will remove it.
Let's add in our text for the button.
So as you can see now, we have closed that button.
So when we are clicking on the closed tab, it will make that tab closed.
So let's do one more change.
Uh.
So we just do the simple type element or remove.
And let's make this interactive and now let's close Wikipedia so now we can close inactive tabs as well.
So that's it for this video.
I hope you learn something.
And don't worry, we will be making fun more complex projects later on.
This was just a primitive project to get you familiar with the basics of Chrome extension.